README.md, before:

Squire - RPG Combat Assistant
=============================

Squire is a tool for pen & paper RPG players to track which buffs, debuffs, and other modifiers are affecting their characters stats at any given moment. The user can select which modifiers are currently active, and see the current value of each stat given those modifiers. The user can add, edit, and remove stats and modifiers.

How to build
------------
Android Studio instructions coming soon!

Bugs, Features, & Contributions
------------
If you find a bug or want to request a feature, please [raise an issue](https://github.com/cmrn/squire/issues). If you want to contribute code, please feel free to fork the project and submit a pull request.

License
-------
    Copyright 2014 Cameron Moon

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Added Android Studio instructions to README.md

README.md, after:

Squire - RPG Combat Assistant
=============================

Squire is a tool for pen & paper RPG players to track which buffs, debuffs, and other modifiers are affecting their characters stats at any given moment. The user can select which modifiers are currently active, and see the current value of each stat given those modifiers. The user can add, edit, and remove stats and modifiers.

How to open in Android Studio
-----------------------------
1. Clone the repository - `git clone https://github.com/cmrn/squire.git`
2. Update the git submodules - `git submodule update`
3. Open Android Studio, and choose "Open Project"
4. Select the `build.gradle` file from the squire repository
5. Make sure "Use default gradle wrapper" is checked
6. Click OK

Bugs, Features, & Contributions
------------
If you find a bug or want to request a feature, please [raise an issue](https://github.com/cmrn/squire/issues). If you want to contribute code, please feel free to fork the project and submit a pull request.

License
-------
    Copyright 2014 Cameron Moon

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
